hey youtube its osu harding one and
welcome to another lego technic review
first of all it's called the compact
convertible and as you can see it is
fully remote control and you can also
see there that there's two remotes so
this thing has a lot of features it does
not have any opening doors or opening
hoods or anything like that but it is a
convertible and I just want to give you
a real quick look at it and show you the
size of it and then we'll just do a real
quick demonstration of some of the
features so there's a minifigure and
here is my ruler just to give you an
idea the perspective
so from centerline to centerline of the
rear wheels is about it's about nine
nine and a half inches and let's just
get a good look all the way around and
while we're looking I'm going to tell
you about some of the features this
thing has five power function motors
built into it there are two large motors
for driving the front wheels this is
front-wheel drive it has a servo motor
for steering it has one M motor for the
retractable convertible roof and it has
another M motor that drives the
windshield wipers and I will show you
all of that in a demonstration so again
five power function motors are built
into this okay it has in suspension in
the rear suspension in the front it's
got a three cylinder engine which is a
very different design from what you've
seen before the cylinders are not
connected to one another there is one
thick beam in between each cylinders so
that's a neat design okay so before I do
a quick demonstration I just want to
show you how some of the stuff works so
the battery box is underneath alright so
the first thing I'll show you are the
windshield wipers so we've got working
windshield wipers and we've actually got
two speed working windshield wipers so
here are the slow speed and this is fast
speed
okay the next is the retractable roof
power functions and then it's got
front-wheel drive as you can see and
there is a large motor that drives each
front wheel so there's no differential
in or anything in here it is all just
two separate motors and then finally
you've got a servo motor for your
steering so you've got returned to
Center steering on everything so let's
do a quick demonstration so you can see
how it works so here it is we're gonna
do a real quick demonstration so again
just the convertible roof
and then let's drive it
then the the convertible roof just turn
it around here and we'll take another
look at the windshield wipers
so this thing is pretty neat guys has
about a thousand pieces this thing is
loaded and loaded loaded with power
functions it's really neat it it uses
some 2014 parts that are not available
here in the US yet it uses about four or
five pieces from 2014 sets so if you
want to build this model you're either
gonna have to order some of those parts
off of brick link or wait until the the
new parts come out on in the US so that
was gonna wrap up my review of this
thing guys this thing is really neat I
highly recommend you check it out it is
a lot of fun it's one of the best power
function models that I've seen in a long
time there are a lot of power functions
crammed into this thing so that's at
this time guys thanks for watching keep
checking back for more builds more
reviews thanks guys